DOC Adds more docstring standards (#14744)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/developers/contributing.rst

        of the mentioned shapes. The default value is
        `np.ones(shape=(n_samples,))`.

>     list_param : list of int of shape (n_classes,)

Reviewer: for builtin types it would have been nice to the typing system (i.e. `List[int]`. Basically we are re-inventing typing semantics here.

But I guess it's will be a bit more work to adopt and people not familiar with it might find it confusing.

Reviewer: > sample_weight : ndarray[shape=(n_features,)], default=None

The problem is that as far as I know it's still no standard way of representing ndarray shape with types https://github.com/numpy/numpy/issues/7370#issuecomment-502884910

Also readability can indeed be challenging..

    typed_ndarray : ndarray of shape (n_samples,), dtype=int

    sample_weight : array-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None

In general have the following in mind:

    1. Use Python basic types. (``bool`` instead of ``boolean``)
    2. Use parenthesis for defining shapes: ``array-like, shape=(n_samples,)``
       or ``array-like, shape=(n_samples, n_features)``
    3. For strings with multiple options, use brackets:
       ``input: {'log', 'squared', 'multinomial'}``
    4. 1D or 2D data can be a subset of
       ``{array-like, ndarray, sparse matrix, dataframe}``. Note that ``array-like``
       can also be a ``list``, while ``ndarray`` is explicitly only a ``numpy.ndarray``.

>     5. When specifying the data type of an list``, use ``of`` as a delimiter: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    5. When specifying the data type of a list, use ``of`` as a delimiter: 
```

       ``list of int``.

>     6. When specifying the dtype of an ndarray, use ``dtype=int`` after

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
    6. When specifying the dtype of an ndarray, use e.g. ``dtype=np.int32` after
```
as  `int` is not a native numpy dtype and will be cast to `np.int_` which is a long integer. So that makes it a somewhat confusing example.

>        defining the shape: ``ndarray of shape (n_samples,), dtype=int``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       defining the shape: ``ndarray of shape (n_samples,), dtype=np.int32``.
```

        of the mentioned shapes. The default value is
        `np.ones(shape=(n_samples,))`.

    list_param : list of int

>     typed_ndarray : ndarray of shape (n_samples,), dtype=np.int32

Reviewer 3: when did we decide to put the dtype at the end, instead of `np.int32 ndarray of shape (n_samples,)`? This also doesn't play well with the other possible input types, if present.

Reviewer 3: yeah  I prefer option 1

Reviewer: I'm +1 for option 2. It's really not clear to me that `int list` is a list of int as it's contrary to typing conventions I am aware of , I would probably read that as `int` or `list`.

Author: I think I am starting prefer option 2. For the complicated case of `mixed_tuple_of_list`:

```py
mixed_tuple_of_list: list of (int,) or list of (int, int)
```

For array-like:

```py
d : array-like of int
```

For the various combinations of ndarrays:

```py
b : ndarray of shape (n_features,)

c : ndarray of int
```

I am on the fence about the following:

```py
a : ndarray of shape (n_features,) dtype int
```

I am hoping this is read as "ndarray of shape (n_features,) and of dtype int."

    sample_weight : array-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None

In general have the following in mind:

    1. Use Python basic types. (``bool`` instead of ``boolean``)
    2. Use parenthesis for defining shapes: ``array-like, shape=(n_samples,)``

>        or ``array-like, shape=(n_samples, n_features)``

Reviewer 3: I think I missed the point where we decided to go back to using this syntax, where did that happen?
